#summary Development Environment for wxTED

= Introduction =

wxTED is written in C++ with the wxWidgets GUI library. It also uses the wxSmith helper to do the layout. I used Windows. See this page for the official setting up guide. https://wiki.wxwidgets.org/CodeBlocks_Setup_Guide. There is a newer version of the instructions at the end of manual.odt.

= Details =

This is what I use to develop wxTED.
  * Code::Blocks IDE bundled with the mingw compiler.
  * wxWidgets GUI

= Configuring =
wxWidgets takes a bit of configuring. First you need to change your PATH variable to allow the makefile to work. This was what I added to the Windows PATH.

C:\Program Files (x86)\CodeBlocks\MinGW\bin;

The options I chose to set are the default ones documented which are:

 * MONOLITHIC
 * UNICODE
 * SHARED
Make sure that DEBUG is off otherwise your dll will be very big.

This makes the dll, which I copied to the bin\Release folder.

Code::Blocks Project Build Options needs wxWidgets in the Search directories. On my system this is C:\wxWidgets-3.0.2\include

For the FTP uploading function of the Publish option in Linker settings-->Other linker options you need to add -lwininet.

There is no install for the finished system. It must be distributed with the dll  that was made during the install of wxWidgets, which on my setup is called wxmsw30u_gcc_custom.dll.
=Font=
The font that I used is teletext2.ttf. I can't remember where it came from and I didn't see any author or copyright. I found it referenced by some css one day so I grabbed it as it looked useful. It has most European and Middle Eastern languages and the G3 smooth graphics shapes. The font appears to be suitable for teletext level 2.5 and 3.5.

This application uses Unicode because while teletext doesn't use Unicode, the user interface supports non Latin fonts. In total there are 26 language options including Russian, Hebrew and Greek.